1) Company Overview

Siam Computing is a product development studio founded by Khuzema Siam, focused on simplifying the problem-to-product journey for visionary founders.
With 13+ years of experience, 160+ clients, and recognition among India's Top 20 Software Companies (CLUTCH), our solutions serve 20M+ users across 15+ industries in 10+ countries.
We're now expanding into healthcare, building secure, scalable, and compliant products that improve care and drive digital transformation.
On a mission to simplify the problem-to-product journey for founders who want to change the world.

2) Core Values

    User first, always
    Lead with empathy
    Oven it, be proactive
    Seek to simplify

3) Guiding Principles

    Start with the why
    Always be learning
    Attention to detail
    Be authentic, speak your truth

4) The journey - 13 years in the making!

    a) April 2012 - Humble Begining and First ERP Project
    b) Nov 2013 - Launched First Product - Hisabing
    c) SEP 2018 - 40+ Engineers & 250+ Projects
    d) 2020 - Named Top 20 Software Partner Companies in India by CLUTCH 2020 & launched the ProdWrks Community
    e) APR 2023 - Products touched 10 MIllion Lives!
    f) APR 2025 - Focused on AI Healthcare & Launched Healthbot360
    g) 2026 - Working on CURA42

5) Teams 

    a) Product Development Services (PDS)
    b) Product Development Strategy
    c) Central Engineering Team (CET)
    d) Central Support Team (CST)

6) Employment Terms

    a) Probation Period - All full-time employees will undergo a 90-day P bation period, during which your performance will be assessed regularly. Successful completion of this probation is essential for your continued employment at Siam Computing.
    b) Notice Period - For full-time employees, a 60-day notice period is required from the date of resignation. Employees who are still in their probation period are required to serve a 14-day notice.
    c) Working Days - Our standard working days are Monday through Friday. Additionally, every second Saturday of the month is designated as a Learning & Development day.

7) Workplace Policies

    a) Leave Policy:
    Confirmed employees are entitled to a total of 20 days of leave per year, excluding government holidays. These 20 days are categorized as follows:
        Privilege/Planned Leave: 12 days per year
        Sick/Casual Leave: 2 days per quarter (8 days annually)
    During the probation period, employees are eligible for 1 day of leave per month.
    A list of declared holidays will be shared by the company at the beginning of each year.

    b) Hybrid Work Policy:
    Non-Tech Teams: Must follow assigned work schedules and report to the office as required.
    Tech Teams: May be asked to work from the office based on project needs or manager discretion. Advance notice will be provided.
    Exceptions: Managers can grant exceptions based on individual circumstances or business needs.
